Katherine and Chris are studying. Chris is very focused on studying. Katherine is packing up.
Katherine: Hey Chris, I think I’m going to head back to Gaines for the night. It’s almost midnight.
Chris: Cool, I think I am gonna have to pull an all-nighter. I started prepping for this exam way too late.
Katherine: Wait, you’re gonna try and stay up all night? [No response from Chris] Wait a minute, last time you tried that I found you asleep in the science library before my 8AM.
Chris: When are you going to stop bringing that up? Sleep is a luxury I can’t afford. You know how busy I am.
Katherine: I know, but you still need to get some sleep. How are you not exhausted?
Chris: [slightly irritated] I am exhausted, but there is no way I’m gonna fall asleep tonight.
Katherine: Yeah? [jokingly] What did you do? Pop some Addy?
Chris: [irritated/frank] Yeah, I “popped some Addy” after dinner, so I need to make the most of the hour or two I have left.
Katherine: I’m gonna guess that you don’t have ADHD… Do you even know how that stuff works?
Chris: I got it from a friend who takes it all the time, and his doctor wouldn’t prescribe it if it wasn’t perfectly safe.
Katherine: For him, maybe. But your brain works differently. It’s only approved for certain conditions. There are countless side effects: like….[Chris cuts off Katherine]
Chris: Okay, I get it: you're pre-med.
Katherine: I’m not trying to go all “pre-med” on you. I’m just saying that I wouldn’t mess with it. Adderall is not the solution here.
Chris: Thanks, mom.
Katherine: It’s an amphetamine.
Chris: [confused] What?
Katherine: It can be a pretty rough drug, it can lead to anxiety, irritability, heart palpitations, seizures and even strokes from overstimulation. The crash can be brutal and can lead to serious depression.
Chris: Are you being serious?
Katherine: Yes, I’m being serious. You’re here for four more years, you can’t keep doing this. Plus, is taking this really fair to everyone else? I mean, personally, I don’t feel super comfortable knowing my classmates may have had an academic advantage over me.
Chris: Ok, ok. I get it. To be honest, I think it's starting to wear off; I am starting to get kinda tired.
Katherine: I think you just need a good night’s sleep. You’ll remember more with some rest, and besides, you don’t wanna fall asleep during your exam. Come on, let’s walk back to the dorms.

